groupadd, groupdel, groupmod, groups: update page (#7660)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/groups.md

# groups

> Print group memberships for a user.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/groups.1>.

Reviewer: This should stay as the gnu.org link, since gnu.org is the original author of the program in question. Same goes for the other tldr pages.

- Print group memberships for the current user:

`groups`

> - Print group memberships for given users (1 or more):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Print group memberships for a list of users:
```

> `groups {{user_a}} {{user_b}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`groups {{username1 username2 ...}}`
```

Author: How can we distinguish between:

- placeholder contains several space-separated items
- placeholder contains one sample item with spaces

?
